Readme.md, before:


**Install instructions**

Get auth token: https://twitchapps.com/tmi/

Get Node.js: https://nodejs.org/en/ (when installing remember to allowing the set PATH option)
    
    - ubuntu/debian -> $ sudo apt install nodejs
    - fedora -> $ sudo yum install nodejs
    - arch -> You're 1337 you don't need README

$ symbol means this is a terminal command, dont write the $

Clone this repo:
    Windows - Github desktop https://desktop.github.com/
    
    Linux - Install Git (ubuntu/debian $ sudo apt install git, fedora $ sudo yum install git)
          - $ git clone https://github.com/Anarcho-Coder/transpride-color-switcher.git
          
Open terminal to cloned repo
    Windows - Open folder with code (you need to see the .js files)
            - Type powershell in the file explorer nav bar
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103317937/162575046-dba5d9e5-fcc3-413e-a569-153ed7872699.png)
    
    Mac/Linux - $ cd ~/path/to/folder/withJSfiles
    
Install node dependencies
    Operating system agnostic
    
    $ npm install
    $ npm i tmi.js
    
 Edit the auth.js file with any text editor (save after)
    - Windows -> notepad is fine
    
    - Linux -> $ nano auth.js -> (edit) -> Ctrl + O
    
   Run the project
   
   $ npm start

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103317937/162575415-53d3dac3-5494-4248-b4f8-05fa02ae3120.png)

--------------------
Now for the fun bit
--------------------

Changing colours
---------------------------------------------------------------
Change index.js file however you need to, nano or notepad.

remove the // in front of a colour line to activate it, only one can be activated at a time

the #ffffff is the colour, use https://www.color-hex.com/ to pick your own colour


e.g.

//let colors = ["#ff0000","#ff9c00","#eeff00","#1eff00","#00beff"]; // Rainbow

let colors = ["#5BCEFA", "#F5A9B8", "#FFFFFF", "#F5A9B8", "#5BCEFA"]; // Trans Pride

or 

let colors = ["#ff0000","#ff9c00","#eeff00","#1eff00","#00beff"]; // Rainbow

//let colors = ["#5BCEFA", "#F5A9B8", "#FFFFFF", "#F5A9B8", "#5BCEFA"]; // Trans Pride


Adding your own channel
-----------------------------------------------------
In index.js, change this

channels: [
        "SlowQueer",
        "HasanAbi",
        "AzureMako",
        "JoanAtoms",
        "ThoughtSlime",
        "MafiaJinx",
        "Keffals",
        "adi_dev"
    ]
    
to 
   
channels: [
        "SlowQueer",
        "HasanAbi",
        "AzureMako",
        "JoanAtoms",
        "ThoughtSlime",
        "MafiaJinx",
        "Keffals",
        "adi_dev",
        "your_username_here"
    ]
    
remembering to keep the username in "quotation marks" and adding a comma , after every new entry.

Commit message:

Hardcoded Colors w/ yargs
not sure if this is a good way to do things but it lets you pass in any colors you want in text when running command w/ trans as default if nothing run.

Readme.md, after:


**Install instructions**

Get auth token: https://twitchapps.com/tmi/

Get Node.js: https://nodejs.org/en/ (when installing remember to allowing the set PATH option)
    
    - ubuntu/debian -> $ sudo apt install nodejs
    - fedora -> $ sudo yum install nodejs
    - arch -> You're 1337 you don't need README

$ symbol means this is a terminal command, dont write the $

Clone this repo:
    Windows - Github desktop https://desktop.github.com/
    
    Linux - Install Git (ubuntu/debian $ sudo apt install git, fedora $ sudo yum install git)
          - $ git clone https://github.com/Anarcho-Coder/transpride-color-switcher.git
          
Open terminal to cloned repo
    Windows - Open folder with code (you need to see the .js files)
            - Type powershell in the file explorer nav bar
    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103317937/162575046-dba5d9e5-fcc3-413e-a569-153ed7872699.png)
    
    Mac/Linux - $ cd ~/path/to/folder/withJSfiles
    
Install node dependencies
    Operating system agnostic
    
    $ npm install
    $ npm i tmi.js
    $ npm i yargs
    
 Edit the auth.js file with any text editor (save after)
    - Windows -> notepad is fine
    
    - Linux -> $ nano auth.js -> (edit) -> Ctrl + O
    
   Run the project
   
   $ npm start

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103317937/162575415-53d3dac3-5494-4248-b4f8-05fa02ae3120.png)

--------------------
Now for the fun bit
--------------------

Changing colours
---------------------------------------------------------------
Change index.js file however you need to, nano or notepad.

Copy and paste the else if line below into the code below the if statement and above the else statement including all brackets:

e.g.

else if (argv.scheme == new String("grey").valueOf()) {
                colors = ["#ffffff","#d9d9d9","#b0b0b0","#878787","#575757"]; //Greyname Pride
}

The script can then be run like so; node index.js --scheme="grey" and will use the hex colors supplied within the brackets.

Some colors will not show up on twitch, as dark colors are clipped to more colorful versions of that color. If you do not have Twitch Prime or Turbo, you will need to use color names such as the following standard user colors below.

Blue, BlueViolet, CadetBlue, Chocolate, Coral, DodgerBlue, Firebrick, GoldenRod, Green, HotPink, OrangeRed, Red, SeaGreen, SpringGreen, YellowGreen. 

Adding your own channel
-----------------------------------------------------
In index.js, change this

channels: [
        "SlowQueer",
        "HasanAbi",
        "AzureMako",
        "JoanAtoms",
        "ThoughtSlime",
        "MafiaJinx",
        "Keffals",
        "adi_dev",
        "hasansecurityguard",
        "grfnn",
        "dbutters"
    ]
    
to 
   
channels: [
        "SlowQueer",
        "HasanAbi",
        "AzureMako",
        "JoanAtoms",
        "ThoughtSlime",
        "MafiaJinx",
        "Keffals",
        "adi_dev",
        "hasansecurityguard",
        "grfnn",
        "dbutters",
        "your_username_here"
    ]
    
remembering to keep the username in "quotation marks" and adding a comma , after every new entry.
